README.md, before:

# ![Serenity Spa Preview](img/icons/logo-white.svg)

Indulge in pure relaxation at _Serenity Spa & Wellness_. We offer a variety of spa treatments, from massages to skincare, all designed to promote inner peace and outer beauty. Step into a world of tranquility today.

---

## About

_Serenity Spa & Wellness_ is a responsive website I created to **learn**, **practice** and **improve** my recently learned <span style="color:#f06529
"><b>HTML</b></span> and <span style="color:#2965f1"><b>CSS</b></span> skill.

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/Darkoray/Serenity-Spa-and-Wellness.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/Darkoray/Serenity-Spa-and-Wellness)

[View Full Report](https://wakatime.com/@72594c02-0009-4d68-ba8b-6bc52b500d86/projects/eqvtqihyqm)

---

## Lighthouse Reports

**Desktop Results** (_Click the image to see the full report_)

[![Lighthouse Report Desktop](img/Lighthouse-Report-Desktop.png)](/img/Lighthouse-Report-Desktop-Full.png)

**Mobile Results** (_Click the image to see the full report_)

[![Lighthouse Report Mobile](img/Lighthouse-Report-Mobile.png)](/img/Lighthouse-Report-Mobile-Full.png)

---

## Navigation

Quick access to website sections and pages:

- [Hero](/index.html#hero) - Main welcome section
- [About](/index.html#about) - About our services
- [How It Works](/index.html#how) - 3-step process visualization
- [Services](/index.html#services) - Our services and details
- [Meet Our Team](/index.html#team) - Our experts and their bio
- [Testimonials](/index.html#testimonials) - Client reviews
- [Spa Gallery](/index.html#gallery) - Our environment visuals
- [Pricing & Packages](/index.html#pricing) - Our service packages
- [FAQ](/index.html#faq) - Frequently asked questions
- [Blog & Tips](/index.html#tips) - Blog and tips articles
- [Contact](/index.html#contacts) - Our social media links and contact informations
- [Book Appointment](/html/appointment.html) - Booking appointment

---

![Homepage](img/homepage-screenshot.png)

---

### Created by

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/_Darkoray-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Darkoray)

### Contacts:

[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/soadul.islam.71) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/soadul.islam.71) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/soadul-islam) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:soadulislam1234@gmail.com) [![WhatsApp](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://wa.me/+8801312211260)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discordapp.com/users/743413210517995530) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Darkoray)

---

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the **[LICENSE](LICENSE)** file for details.

---

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance project description and features section

README.md, after:

# ![Serenity Spa Preview](img/icons/logo-white.svg)

Indulge in pure relaxation at _Serenity Spa & Wellness_. We offer a variety of spa treatments, from massages to skincare, all designed to promote inner peace and outer beauty. Step into a world of tranquility today.

---

## About

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/Darkoray/Serenity-Spa-and-Wellness.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@72594c02-0009-4d68-ba8b-6bc52b500d86/projects/eqvtqihyqm)

_Serenity Spa & Wellness_ is a responsive website I developed to **learn**, **practice** and **improve** my recently learned <span style="color:#f06529"><b>HTML</b></span> and <span style="color:#2965f1"><b>CSS</b></span> skill.

The course I followed-
_[Advanced CSS and Sass](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/?referralCode=93317126211B2A500938)_

---

## Features

- Fully responsive design for all devices.
- Custom grid system for layout flexibility.
- Optimized for performance with Lighthouse.
- Cross-browser compatibility.
- Clean and modern UI/UX design.
- Lightweight and fast-loading pages.
- Contact form with validation and submission handling.

---

## Lighthouse Reports

**Desktop Results** (_Click the image to see the full report_)

[![Lighthouse Report Desktop](img/Lighthouse-Report-Desktop.png)](/img/Lighthouse-Report-Desktop-Full.png)

**Mobile Results** (_Click the image to see the full report_)

[![Lighthouse Report Mobile](img/Lighthouse-Report-Mobile.png)](/img/Lighthouse-Report-Mobile-Full.png)

---

## Navigation

Quick access to website sections and pages:

- [Hero](/index.html#hero) - Main welcome section
- [About](/index.html#about) - About our services
- [How It Works](/index.html#how) - 3-step process visualization
- [Services](/index.html#services) - Our services and details
- [Meet Our Team](/index.html#team) - Our experts and their bio
- [Testimonials](/index.html#testimonials) - Client reviews
- [Spa Gallery](/index.html#gallery) - Our environment visuals
- [Pricing & Packages](/index.html#pricing) - Our service packages
- [FAQ](/index.html#faq) - Frequently asked questions
- [Blog & Tips](/index.html#tips) - Blog and tips articles
- [Contact](/index.html#contacts) - Our social media links and contact informations
- [Book Appointment](/html/appointment.html) - Booking appointment

---

![Homepage](img/homepage-screenshot.png)

---

### Created by

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/_Darkoray-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Darkoray)

### Contacts:

[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/soadul.islam.71) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/soadul.islam.71) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/soadul-islam) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:soadulislam1234@gmail.com) [![WhatsApp](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://wa.me/+8801312211260)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discordapp.com/users/743413210517995530) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Darkoray)

---

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the **[LICENSE](LICENSE)** file for details.

---
